1 WHERE IS JEAN?
2 John and Mary are in the garden. The weather is fine today, it is very hot. But yesterday it was very cold! They couldn't play outside. Jean and Marie love to play, they always play together in the garden in front of the big house.
3 John is a little boy and he is six years old. The little girl is his sister, she is five years old. Jean has a small dog, the dog is also in the garden at the moment. The dog enjoys playing with the two children. The dog is very happy now.
4 Does Mary also have a dog? No, Marie doesn't have a dog, she has a cat. But the cat is in the house, the cat is sleeping.
5 Their mother is in the house with the cat, she looks out the window and sees John and Mary playing. Jean runs quickly towards the big green tree, he hides from Marie. Do you know why ? Marie is seated and has her hands in front of her eyes. She can't see anything and she counts. Why is she doing this? And what is John doing near the tree?
6 It's a game. When Mary has finished counting, she looks around her. She is looking for Jean: where has he gone? Do you see it?
7 Mary does not know where John is. She asks the dog: "Have you seen Jean?" But the dog cannot speak, of course! So Marie gets no answer to her question. People never get a response when talking to dogs!
8 Mary looks at her mother from the window, her mother laughs. Marie thinks she saw where Jean went: “Tell me where he is!”, She said to her mother. "No, Marie, I can't tell you," she replies. Although she probably knows where he is, she doesn't want to say it.
9 Mary walks slowly through the garden. She is still trying to find Jean. She looks under the table and under the chairs, but Jean is not there. She looks everywhere but she can't find Jean.
10 Then she hears a noise, it comes from behind the big green tree. Is it Jean? That noise again! She listens attentively. It is not a bird or any other animal. She can hear it now. It must be Jean!
11 She then sees a small hand and when she approaches, she also sees his head! She laughs and says, "I found you!" They are both happy, and they come home, it's time to eat something and drink some water!
